Update 26.2 (client compatibility, Iceberg translation) single sourcing for Cloud (#1857)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/manage/pages/iceberg/specify-iceberg-schema.adoc

----

NOTE: If a section-based configuration is equivalent to one of the modes described in <<supported-iceberg-modes,Supported Iceberg modes>>, `rpk topic describe` displays it using that mode's name instead of the section syntax.

[[resolve-schemas-within-a-context]]
== Resolve schemas within a Schema Registry context

> If you use xref:manage:schema-reg/schema-reg-contexts.adoc[Schema Registry contexts] to isolate schemas (for example, by environment or tenant), set the `redpanda.schema.registry.context` topic property to bind the topic to that context. Redpanda then resolves the schemas referenced by records in the topic against the configured context instead of the default context (`.`). Depending on the topic's Iceberg mode, Redpanda looks up either the schema ID embedded in each record (`value_schema_id_prefix` mode) or the latest schema for a subject (`value_schema_latest` mode) within that context.

Author: ```suggestion
If you use xref:manage:schema-reg/schema-reg-contexts.adoc[Schema Registry contexts] to isolate schemas (for example, by environment or tenant), set the `redpanda.schema.registry.context` topic property to bind the topic to that context. Redpanda then resolves the schemas referenced by records in the topic against the configured context instead of the default context (`.`). This applies to all schema-decoding modes, for both keys and values: the `value_schema_id_prefix` and `value_schema_latest` shorthand modes, and any `key` or `value` section that uses `mode=schema_id_prefix` or `mode=schema_latest`.
```
@wdberkeley does this change look good per this bot [feedback](https://github.com/redpanda-data/docs/pull/1857/changes#r3687149239)?
